# Industrial Process Metrics Forecasting

Real-time neural network to forecast industrial process metrics, derived from an advanced empirical model of industrial processes.

Presentation date: End of June 2024 (last two weeks)

## Objective

- Develop an empirical model of the industrial process using AI.
- Achieve millisecond response times for the model.
- Ensure a maximum error of 0.2% compared to the digital twin.

## Data Description

### Input Data

- `vazaoVapor`: Steam flow rate generated by boilers – [273.0, 416.0] – 8 steps.
- `pressaoVapor`: Steam pressure generated by boilers – [57.0, 63.0] - 4 steps.
- `temperaturaVapor`: Steam temperature generated by boilers (Kelvin) – [718.0, 877.0] – 4 steps
- `cargaVaporTG1`: Steam flow rate at the inlet of turbine 1_1 – [107.0, 271.0] – 8 steps
- `cargaVaporTG2`: Steam flow rate at the inlet of turbine 2_1 - [53.0, 120.0] - 8 steps
- `habilitaTG1`: Turbine 1_1/1_2 status (On/Off) - [0, 1] - 1 step
- `habilitaTG2`: Turbine 2_1/2_2 status (On/Off) – [0, 1] - 1 step

### Output Data

- `consumoEspecificoTG1_1`: Specific consumption of turbine 1_1.
- `consumoEspecificoTG1_2`: Specific consumption of turbine 1_2.
- `consumoEspecificoTG2_1`: Specific consumption of turbine 2_1.
- `consumoEspecificoTG2_2`: Specific consumption of turbine 2_2.
- `potenciaGeradaTG1_1`: Generated power of turbine 1_1.
- `potenciaGeradaTG1_2`: Generated power of turbine 1_2.
- `potenciaGeradaTG2_1`: Generated power of turbine 2_1.
- `potenciaGeradaTG2_2`: Generated power of turbine 2_2.
- `vazaoVaporEscape`: Total steam escape flow rate generated.
- `pressaoVaporEscape`: Steam escape pressure generated.
- `temperaturaVaporEscape`: Steam escape temperature generated.
